What happens when you intitialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    Initializing any normal repository into a git-repository makes it to obtain
    all the properties of a git repostory like commit, file tracking, diff, logs 
    etc. i.e. it transforms any normal repository into a git one acquiring all of 
    it's commands, tools and behaviour.

    It is achieved through this command:
        git init

    I strongly need it because, any normal repository does not have all the features
    that a git repository has like version control, file tracking etc. Also, for 
    becoming a good programmer and to code freely without any loss of information,
    I need to have a git repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

    Staging area is the place where commits are made, any files in the staging area
    will be committed to the repository at once either one, two or more.

    Working directory, on the other hand cannot be directly operate via commit. All 
    we can do is to check the status of it.

    Repository is the prime goal where we finally want out resources to be commited
    and version control is thus achieved there.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
    
    Staging area is specially defined for this task of "one commit per logical change"
    because it executes and commits whatever there is present in there and thus it 
    gives us space to add the desirable files for being committed.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

    Branches are a very good way of exploring opportunities like experimentation,
    test cases, beta versions and if something goes wrong we can easily swtich
    back to our original main branch called, "master".

    Context Switching, branches are very good for feature addition.

 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Diagrams made the whole story clear, that actually how Git branches work and
    how are they are formed and maintained. How they create the file structure and 
    hierarchy linking various branch that get test branches lost and any changes 
    in other detached 'HEAD' state does not affect out main structure.

What is the result of merging two branch together? Why do we need to represent it
in the diagram way we do?

    Merging two branch is a beautiful way of merging two files together in such a
    way that when the combined result is produced, none of the original versions
    of codes looses its feature and the newly merged file should contain both the
    features of the two programs.
    Representing it diagramatically clarifies the views and the branch structure.
    Thus it makes us sure that we are performing the right operation at the right
    branch postion without any ambiguities.
    
 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
 manually?

    There is no cons of Git doing the merges, because whenever Git feels like a 
    conflict, it automatically shows a conflict and even marks the line where the
    conflict is detected. Thus it really saves our time and effort by manually
    comparing and searching for differences. Thus merging is completed by two
    operation i.e. automatic and manual and in some case where complexity is low
    Git does it for you.

