When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

   If I don't have access to my local repository at some time, maybe in following cases:
   
   - My PC damaged
   - I'm geographically not reachable
   - I want other users to become a part of my project
   - A centralized location for everyone

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    It adds assurity and double check whether the changes made in the repository are 
    worth pulling to my local repository or not. If some changes made by me or some 
    other user which does produces required result or does not meet the set expectations,
    then such changes should not be accepted to be in the master branch.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

    Fork: Fork clones the repositories of a git-hub user to another git-hub user
    Clone: Cloning is done locally or remote server to a local computer
    Branches: Similarly, branches can be formed locally or on the Git-hub remotely

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    Having a local copy allows us to view/perform actions based on the latest remotes.
    It allows us to be updated even if we go offline, for eg. travelling on a plane
    Then we can either perform a fetch followed by a merge, or just a pull from the 
    remote before going offline. After we have done our latest local changes, then 
    we can push all the changes to the remote branch, next time while comming online.

 How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what 
 would be harder?

    I will probably use a combination of both i.e. Git, for my local changes and Git-hub
    for sharing my codes and changes to public and viewing and accepting others requests
    and changes in real time! If you are saying that what is harder to use Git technology
    or no Git technology, then you an asshole! You fukin' fucker!! Go and fuck yourself
    , dumbass!
    
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? 
What benefits does each approach have?

    Seperate branches are areas of new thoughts, possibilities and new changes that 
    incorporated within our systems of mind and finally implement those new ideas to
    our project and viewing the changes it made. Allowing branches to upload on Git-Hub
    to allow others to comment about the new change and finally decide better whether
    to make our master branch i.e. adding that new idea, code or thought into our
    existing project!
